# Dynamical Friction on Supermassive Black Holes in Galaxy Formation Simulations

This repository contains Python scripts written to interpret data for my MSci research project on galaxy formation simulations (generated by AREPO).
The scripts were originally intended for use on the Cambridge Service for Data-Driven Discovery high powered computing facilities and are copies of code I wrote to access and interpret data for analysis.
Due to storage and bandwidth limitations, this repository does not contain any of the original data used in my research.

## Overview of directories
- `BH_scripts`: Scripts to analyse and interpret simulations with black hole inserted.
- `compare_scripts`: Scripts to visualise how black hole properties differed as the number of dark matter particles was adjusted.
- `compile_scripts`: Scripts to collect all generated figures for export.
- `config_scripts`: Scripts containing functions used in analysis scripts to access and interpret data based off simulation settings.
- `halo_scripts`: Scripts to analyse and check suitability of simulation environments before black hole insertion.
- `run_scripts`: Scripts to run all analysis scripts for each given test simulation.
- `test_scripts`: Test scripts used to prototype functions for analysis scripts.

Initial conditions were generated using the DICE software developed by Valentin Perret [https://bitbucket.org/vperret/dice/wiki/Compile%20&%20Install].

Simulations were run using the AREPO hydrodynamic cosmological simulation code developed by Volker Springel [https://academic.oup.com/mnras/article/401/2/791/1147356]
